# Final-Project
C++ : Object-Oriented Programming.
  The primary use for Object-Oriented Programming is to allow the user to reuse code.  Object-Oriented Programming will allow for more straightforward to understand code and also allows for the reduction of redundancy. Everything in C++ is associated with objects and classes. Also, Each method and variable and function belong to that class.  A class is used for creating objects. Features like inheritance make it easy to expand the functionality of code. Also, C++ Object-Oriented Programming allows classes members to hide entirely from unrelated classes or make them completely visible. In addition, C++ contains constant members and local variables to a single type. Lastly, C++ has compile-time compile-time safe checks. 
  In the code above, We create a new object called object. This is an instance of aClass. We can access the class attribute using dot syntax on the object followed by the name. This allows us to call methods quickly. Due to the inner workings, it becomes straightforward to understand the application and the code. 

Python : Procedural programming
In procedural programming paradigms, The coding mode is assembled into functions and sequentially executed step by step. Even though this is an old approach, especially since, python is also a functional programming paradigm; however, this approach is still a very viable approach for tasks that need to be done step by step. Also, this allows the user more control over what the function does. With this, users will combine successive code with telling the computer how to perform each step for a particular task. With this paradigm, users will help adapt and modularize the code, which is usually done by the functional implementation. This paradigm helps to easily organize code with related items without any difficulty, thus making each file act as a container. 
  The simple code above creates a function called add(). With this, users will understand how the code is being executed. However, this code does suffer in a way that limits the execution options, thus, making the hardware less efficient when tackling complex situations. 
